Create pre-commit/ci structure, add new flags (#3)
espressif/check-copyright: README.md

| -dr                  | --dry-run                 | false                       | Just check license headers without replace                                                     |
| -i                   | --ignore                  | check_copyright_ignore      | Path to the file with list of ignoring files                                                   |
| -c                   | --config                  | check_copyright_config.yaml | Path to the config file                                                                        |
|                      | filenames                 | Require parameter           | Path to the folder or file to check. If it is a folder, all files will be analyzed recursively |

# How to add check to a new project

## Prepare steps:

If you want to add that script into your project, you should

1. (Optional) Create file [with the list of ignoring files](#configure-ignore-list) (i.e. `ignore_list_copyright`) 
2. Create [config file](#creating-config-file) (i.e `check_copyright_config.yaml`)

## As pre-commit

> If you want to use that script as pre-commit script, you should add pre-commit hook into 

Reviewer: `You can use this script ar a [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/) hook`

.pre-commit-config.yaml with arguments `--replace` and `--config <path to the config>`. 
You can also add external arguments from the table above (i.e --verbose)

Example of the .pre-commit-config.yaml file 
```yaml
- repo: https://github.com/espressif/check-copyright/
  rev: v1.0.0
  hooks:
    - id: check-copyright
      args: ['--config', 'ci/check_copyright_config.yaml', '--ignore', 'ci/ignore_list_copyright', '--replace', '--verbose']
```

## As CI

> For CI you need to use flag --dry-run. Script returns list of files without SPDX header without trying to replace it.

Reviewer: Please mention it's syntax of Gitlab CI

```yaml
check_copyright:
  before_script:
    - pip install git+https://github.com/espressif/check-copyright.git@master
  script:
    - python -m check_copyright --verbose --dry-run --ignore ci/ignore_list_copyright --config ci/check_copyright_config.yaml .
```

# Configure ignore list

> If you need to create some files without license header, you can create local file with the list of the ignoring files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To skip license header checks for some files, you can create a file with the list of paths to ignore. You should pass the path to the ignore list as the `--ignore` parameter.
```

# check_copyright

> Espressif repository for the script to check SPDX License Header in the files. 

Reviewer 2: Hi @kumekay,
thank you for the suggestion.

The `create-project-tools` tool currently allows you to use `repository-templates` when creating a new Gitlab/GitHub project.

The `python-project` repository template also includes a `pre-commit-config.yml` file, [see Gitlab](https://gitlab.espressif.cn:6688/espressif/repository-templates/python-project/-/blob/master/.pre-commit-config.yaml).

Do you mean that this should be done by updating this repository template (adding the `check_copyright.py` script and pre-commit config in the same way as it is currently defined in the `esp-idf` project)?

> Espressif repository for the script to check SPDX License Header in the files. 

Reviewer: @tomassebestik  I think it may be helpful not only for python projects but for C projects too.

We are going to replace the script in IDF with this one.
